Link to specific comment in bug thread (#36007)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/button/index.md

### Clicking and focus

> Whether clicking on a `<button>` or {{HTMLElement("input")}} button types causes it to (by default) become focused varies by browser and OS. Most browsers do give focus to a button being clicked, but [Safari does not, by design](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=22261#c68).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether clicking on a `<button>` or {{HTMLElement("input")}} button types causes it to (by default) become focused varies by browser and OS. Most browsers do give focus to a button being clicked, but [Safari does not, by design](https://webkit.org/b/22261#c68).
```
